Which branch do we buy next?
Let me think about it.
But I know it's true now.
No matter which one you buy, don't buy it as long as you don't buy it indiscriminately.
Not good, it's really a narrow road for enemies
This is not yours.
I made some money by relying on the prosperity of the Xu family
does it cost labor
It's just bad luck
How about living at home?
Also learn to trade stocks
Don't pee?
Look in the mirror and don't see if you deserve it or not
We don't deserve it.
What do you deserve, you high-ranking bitch?
Just ignore them.
The chef starts running now
Hey wait
kid
I heard you've bought a lot of subscription cards recently, right?
None of your business, none of my business
But I want to be with you
Doing anything is naturally betting on stocks
We both offer a certain amount of money
Go bet on a stock
No concurrence
Wait until a certain amount of time
Whoever gives the stock the biggest increase
And the stakes
Just bet you are betting
Mr. Li, don't trust him.
This guy has been in the city lately
And I made a lot of money.
He dares to bet with you
You must have your own confidence.
Hahahaha
how
afraid